readme.md, before:

# dnsmap.sh

dnsmap.sh is a script enumerate DNS hostnames by brute force guessing of common
subdomains.
<br/>
It's faster than the original [DNSMap](https://code.google.com/archive/p/dnsmap/source) by pagvac.
and uses only 100~ lines of code.

![dnsmap.sh](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/bindh3x/dnsmap.sh/images/dnsmap_screenshot.png)

# Why?

[DNSMap](https://code.google.com/archive/p/dnsmap/source) is slow.

# Installation

```
$ curl -o dnsmap -L https://git.io/dnsmap.sh
$ chmod +x dnsmap
$ ./dnsmap 
```

# Dependencies

* bind-tools >= 9.0 (dig)

# Usage

```bash
Usage ./dnsmap.sh <domain> <list> <record type> ...

dnsmap.sh - script to enumerate DNS hostnames

Examples:
 dnsmap.sh example.com list.txt A # IPv4
 dnsmap.sh example.com list.txt AAAA # IPv6
 dnsmap.sh example.com list.txt CNAME

```

# Thanks

Daniel Miessler - [Seclists](https://github.com/danielmiessler/SecLists) repositiroy for the word list.

# Copying

Written by bindh3x <os@bindh3x.io>
<br/>
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/bindh3x/off.svg?style=flat-square)]()

Commit message:

v0.2: added output file, google service detection and bug fixes.

readme.md, after:

# dnsmap.sh

dnsmap.sh is a script enumerate DNS hostnames by brute force guessing of common
subdomains.
<br/>
It's faster than the original [DNSMap](https://code.google.com/archive/p/dnsmap/source) by pagvac.
and uses only 100~ lines of code.

![dnsmap.sh](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/bindh3x/dnsmap.sh/images/dnsmap_screenshot.png)

# Why?

[DNSMap](https://code.google.com/archive/p/dnsmap/source) is slow.

# Installation

```
$ curl -o dnsmap -L https://git.io/dnsmap.sh
$ chmod +x dnsmap
$ ./dnsmap 
```

# Dependencies

* bind-tools >= 9.0 (dig)

# Usage

```bash
Usage ./dnsmap.sh <domain> <list> <record type> ...

dnsmap.sh - script to enumerate DNS hostnames

Examples:
 dnsmap.sh example.com list.txt A # IPv4
 dnsmap.sh example.com list.txt AAAA # IPv6
 dnsmap.sh example.com list.txt CNAME

```

The output will be saved in: `"domain_name.txt"`

# Thanks

Daniel Miessler - [Seclists](https://github.com/danielmiessler/SecLists) repositiroy.

# Copying

Written by bindh3x <os@bindh3x.io>
<br/>
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/bindh3x/off.svg?style=flat-square)]()
